welcome everyone with you hebrew to new
release of virtual reality game ryse
son of rome
to understand that it is a dynamic
sufficiently active but monotonous
slasher is also very closely related to
imperial period of the history of Rome therefore
successfully drops our transmission but let's start
we are not with the identity of events this time
around the legend based on which
keeps the whole plot of the game ryse damage itself
In the story of the game there is a legend about
before he could the great Roman Gen. Do
who died in battle being betrayed
their fellows other generals
seeing this goddess nemesis returns
him to the ground in the guise of a black centurion
who prey on all the generals
traitors as a sign of this now all
Roman generals wears a dagger with
the symbol of the ladies about to
remember what will happen to them if they
suddenly give them quite interesting
beautiful such a legend but she has little
common with real
legend oh yes could a real legend be up
could i call such a house
approximate Syracuse tyrant and
Dionysius ruler 1 I will give about every way
always aim your ruler for what
he lives in luxury, and nothing
needs thus a morgue shield to count
yourself with the following of people once
Dionysius invited there near the feast where
dressed in royal clothes ordered
his servants converge with him on the royal
strongly favored him she is
some time there about saw that on
it hangs a horsehair sword and
any moment can break and fall on
him in this way dionysius showed him
that over any tyrant as it were
auspiciously calm not
felt like he didn't
used luxury items always
over it hangs a certain threat and in
any moment all this can stop
here and so looks like a legend home wedge
far enough from the legend of
games and in general has no relation
to the roman period
but nevertheless quite possibly of course
what is this simple name coincidence
but no less certain associations
arise further I would like to draw
attention to great work
designers of the authors of the game in general, all
done quite well clear that
they need to make the game as possible
more beautiful more beautiful but at the same time
some things are striking
for example such as active very
the use of purple with
what is the historical purple color
the thing is quite expensive thing is that
getting it very expensive
and including in rome the purple color could
worn had the right to wear only
emperor senators violence tunics with
the purple stripe is broad for some
Information is still some social
classes had the right to wear bands on
already here for everyone else is purple
the color was forbidden it to this day
considered the color of kings if you pay
attention to most monarchs clothes
include exactly purple color so
way active use in
some huge incomprehensible tapestries in
constant use in tunics
soldiers and so on in many very
places some doubt
concerns that this color
just could not have been so much in ancient
Rome is all who know him the price of general
well pay attention to it easier
The entourage in the game is done enough
not bad
segmental armor in which
the paid Romans really had
large spread at that time though
in some way not considered classics
that’s what Romans are all about
soldiers in some cases they are somewhat
embellished but in general everything is true
sometimes strange
symbols on the accounts of officers and various
exhibitions of high ranking romans though
in fact on all accounts
Roman legions were depicted
specific characters for each region
he was his whole
symbolism is really present in
Most legionnaires although she a bit
not that these regions had other signs
but this is the little things in general to do everything
pretty good
as for the organization and types of troops
here, too, the presence of
archers in the composition of the Roman legions
armies actually with the Roman legions
always went auxiliary troops in
which most often attended velit
and this is light infantry armed
slingers also used slingers
in some cases archers are mercenaries
For example, from Crit who used
the glory of good archers very capable
but as part of the legions of archers in the composition
regions archers never entered they
did not wear segmental armor as this
shown in the game and ultimately in
the composition of the legions looks enough
strange when we see in the game often
the use of archers in just such
as regards the emperor himself
Nero here too everything is not so smooth
He is shown in the game what chubby
old man despite the fact that in fact nero
died at the age of 30 and had to
look much younger she is to him
we'll come back bohs in the game shown
very beautiful and spectacular apparently in the year
gameplay however not too realistic
for the roman army the fact is that all
constructions in the roman army were created
not for the parades they actually participated in
the battle
it is thanks to them that they were often defeated.
wins if roman
building fell apart right away
crime to battle it happens in the game
and all the men that have scattered than not
differs all other armies with which
they fought and there was no such effect
would thus roman roman legions
fought in the ranks as long as they
as far as possible they could
thanks to this their not infantry was so
extremely effective nothing to me
managed to find about the main character
games mori mori enough
common name in the Roman Empire
but however well known
commander with that name in foreseeable
period no
there was a great commander gai mari
but in the second century
BC that far enough from
game events but everything is possible therefore
most likely Maria is fictional
character
as for vitalio on commander 14
the legion here is all a little harder
he is primarily involved in
the invasion of britain which was forty
third year no rum by the way at this time
was only 6 years old in fact
the invasion was led by the emperor Claudius
although it is not specified in the game and somehow
very jumbled scene intrusions
led about wow swimmers one of
commanders of the legion of the second legion was
Vespasian the future emperor
also commanded 14 on the region I find out
failed but avito leone nothing
it is said therefore i guess that same
fictional character
although if you suddenly have risks
other information write in the comments
it will be interesting that way in the game we
see some jumble
historical facts and fictions and
historical dates when everything happened i
I understand that it's important for developers to create
interesting gameplay interesting plot for
games
but no matter what anyway
games are based on historical events
still carry a certain historical
overtones and really would not want to
they mislead users
in the next series on the game
ryse son of rome we will touch the invasion
the romans and in britain the rebellion bows are wild and
other historical personages
who hit the game from real
stories and today it's all thanks
everyone for watching leave your
comments subscribe to the channel with
you have been fibrin all bye